Version 07 (#51)
NLnetLabs/draft-toorop-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones: draft-ietf-dnsop-dns-catalog-zones.md

updates to the catalog zone's contents.

There is no requirement to be able to query the catalog zone via recursive nameservers.

> Catalog consumers MUST ignore NS record at apex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catalog consumers MUST ignore the absence of NS record at apex.
```

Reviewer 2: (although I suspect BIND might currently not accept that)

Reviewer 3: Maybe NS records can be used to send implicit NOTIFYs to downstream catalog consumers? Although explicit also-notifys are probably more useful in such scenarios.

Reviewer 2: The text should definitely allow an implementation to use the NS records for that.

Author: I closed this conversation in favor of PR #53

> Catalog consumers MUST ignore NS record at apex.
> However, at least one is still required so that catalog zones are syntactically correct DNS zones.
> A single NS RR with a NSDNAME field containing the absolute name "invalid." is RECOMMENDED [@!RFC2606;@!RFC6761].

Author: ```suggestion
Therefore NS RRs at the apex are meaningless to the catalog consumer and MUST like any other meaningless RRs be ignored.
However, to accommodate name server software that refuses to load zones without an NS RRset at a zone's apex, we RECOMMEND to have a single NS RR with a NSNAME field  containing the absolute name "invalid." [@!RFC2606;@!RFC6761]
```

Reviewer 2: Ah, but #53 fixed this by simplifying the requirement to a central "must ignore whatever they don't care about", so I think we can resolve this conversation.

Author: @Habbie Yes, I now also prefer removing the sentence actually. So I prefer PR #53  and would like to merge it sooner than later, but #53 itself does still have a nit I'd like your opinion on.

Custom properties can occur both globally, or for a specific member zone.
To prevent a name clash with future properties, such properties should be represented below the label `ext`.

> `ext` is not a placeholder, so a custom property would have domain names as follows:

Reviewer: I'm not sure 'domain' is appropriate here.

Author: @mind04 See the suggestion to resolve this below

Author: Resolved by the suggestion

> `ext` is not a placeholder, so a custom property would have domain names as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
`ext` is not a placeholder. A custom property is named as follows:
```

@mind04 Is this better?

Reviewer: Yes, much better

FOSDEM'20 [@FOSDEM20] was one of the motivations to take up and continue the
effort of standardizing catalog zones.

> Thanks to Brian Conry, Klaus Darilion, Brian Dickson, Tony Finch, Evan Hunt, Shane Kerr, Patrik Lundin, Matthijs Mekking, Victoria Risk, Petr Spacek, Carsten Strotmann, Josh Soref, Michael StJohns and Tim Wicinski for reviewing draft proposals and offering comments and suggestions.

Author: ```suggestion
Thanks to Brian Conry, Klaus Darilion, Brian Dickson, Tony Finch, Evan Hunt, Shane Kerr, Patrik Lundin, Matthijs Mekking, Victoria Risk, Josh Soref, Petr Spacek, Michael StJohns, Carsten Strotmann and Tim Wicinski for reviewing draft proposals and offering comments and suggestions.
```
Reorder surname

> Thanks to Brian Conry, Klaus Darilion, Brian Dickson, Tony Finch, Evan Hunt, Shane Kerr, Patrik Lundin, Matthijs Mekking, Victoria Risk, Petr Spacek, Carsten Strotmann, Josh Soref, Michael StJohns and Tim Wicinski for reviewing draft proposals and offering comments and suggestions.

Author: This has been fixed in a suggestion.
